Update parameters-data-flow.md (#100080)
Azure/azure-content: articles/data-factory/parameters-data-flow.md

:::image type="content" source="media/data-flow/parameterize-column-name.png" alt-text="Passing in a column name as a parameter":::

> > [!NOTE]
> > In dataflow, string interpolations are not supported and one needs to concatenate the dynamic expression into a string value for dynamic logic purpose.

Reviewer: Would this example help?
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> In data flow expressions, string interpolation (substituting variables inside of the string) is not supported. Instead, concatenate the expression into string values. For example, `'string part 1' + $variable + 'string part 2'`
```

Reviewer 2: @JasonWHowell Thank you so much for your help in enhancing it further with an example. The example looks really helpful. 

Appreciate much!
